all right people it's sprite here and
this topic today is probably gonna cause
a lot of arguments in the comment
section which I don't know if it's a
good thing or a bad thing but it's gotta
get a lot more people commenting which
is which is a good thing in my eyes so
hopefully you enjoy the topic I'll get
into that in a second but the gameplay
is probably gonna be a black ops 1 game
because I don't really have any of the
gameplays on other games right now I
don't play other games outside of making
videos so obviously I use the footage
from those videos in the video I'm just
going to stop so basically all black ops
1 I apologize for that but hopefully you
enjoy the gameplay so today's Coraci
topic I'm gonna be talking about split
clips now if you don't watch my you know
many targes my episodes of my montages
all that stuff and you just watch me for
my commentaries in my live commentaries
basically I'll sum it up in as little
words as I can the aim of the game for
me is to go for montage clips episode
clips whatever you want to call them the
idea is to get as many kills as I can
and the idea right now is to get as many
kills as I can which is on the split in
the quote-unquote kill field I don't
know why I said it like that because I
think that's the actual term for it so
yeah as many kills I can't which is
unsplit in the kill feed in if you don't
know what I'm on about my own split
basically when nobody else gets a kill
nobody else dies and nobody else
connects or leave the game at the same
time as Amiga in the clip which you
probably think what the hell is that why
is that even mana well yeah I know it's
pretty stupid it really is and that's
why I want to talk about today because I
am really two side about this I really
am because I've been sticking with you
know unsplit clips for a while I just
love the look at them like getting as
many kills you can without anybody else
getting to kill the same time it's just
ridiculously cool like just looks so
awesome and I just stuck with that for
awhile like I want to first start making
videos it wasn't really a thing but then
I started to grow and get bigger and I
started to tail up my clips that way I
think I probably remember when I started
using just on split clips I can't
remember when that was it was obviously
a while ago but yeah it's it's pretty
weird when you think about it really is
and I just wanted to talk about today
get your guy's opinion because obviously
I've been doing it like I said for a
while and it's good to that point where
it's becoming really stressful for me
because when I make a montage and
knowing that I could have finished it
weeks and weeks ago if unsplit clips and
split clips were the same thing like I
could just do something to get rid of
the split or whatever like the idea that
the
I would have been doing the month Hajj
would have been doing it would have been
a ridiculous standard the idea of that
it just frustrates me because I'm doing
everything in my power to finish the
video I'm playing as good as I can and
I'm killing as many people as I can and
obviously the idea that someone else the
other side of the map can drop a claim
on down and kill someone or so we could
leave the game or connect to the game
the idea that that happening at the same
time and me getting all these kills
ruins the clip is just ridiculous
and I know it is but I've been doing it
for so long I just stuck with it I just
I honestly still love the idea of a nun
split clip it just looks awesome so like
I said I'm kind of in the middle of two
battles here like I don't really know
which way to go which way to lean I
would love if I advance warfare changes
things up because with mana fair to call
you before I'm on a 5-3 you know there's
there's other things apart from a nun
split clip you know you've got multi
kills you got point stacks and that's a
really cool feature and a really good
way to disregard the kill feed and just
go with you know the kills I'm getting
the kills as quickly as you can like
that the idea of that is awesome and
obviously it's in place so I'm thinking
with advanced warfare if we start to
tailor I clips towards that against many
kills as we can as quickly as we can
then I think we'll be golden but the
dream would be if they release something
where you can basically just get rid of
every other kill that happens at the
same time as yours and just shows your
kills at once and I think would be good
there like that's you know awesome but
obviously they're not gonna do that so
I'm hoping it Taylor's towards you know
bullet ease and point stacks and just
aggressive gameplay I just I don't know
what it is I really don't because like I
said I've been doing it for so long and
I've stuck with it and I've really
enjoyed it I feel like a bit of a
hypocrite because I've always been
against split clips like I'm just like
oh they're cool and obviously they're
the same standard because you're not
doing anything differently you're doing
everything you can in your power to kill
as many people as you can so when people
say are you using split court fees
you're terrible I'm just thinking how
does that make them terrible they're
just doing the same thing as a normal
squad fee would be but someone else
again and kill somewhere else like it's
just stupid when people say that you bad
if you use them it's not you just not as
pick it but that's all it is so when
people call you bad if you use the split
clip just say to him like how like how
does that make me bad because someone
else getting to kill the same time like
why does that affect my skill level I
don't know why you would call someone
bad for use a split clip is it baffles
me it really does and this reminds me of
if I was what
or common tree by like butter and
someone else I you know I used to make
use of all videos back in the day so I
know who he was so I was watching that
video because he linked to me and I just
heard this bit where he was telling
another guy about how we don't use split
clips and he was like so basically what
happens is if someone else gets a kill
at the same time that you're getting you
know this quad head shot feed or
whatever and so what else splits that
clip in the kill feed then they don't
think the clips is good they might not
use it or they might just think it's not
as good and this guy is just like you
are that's a thing and it's just like
yeah and this is like how the hell does
that make sense because you have no
control over it and I'm just thinking
it's really stupid here really is stupid
but like we do it and we enjoy it most
of the time but it's got to me it really
has got to me recently and that's why I
thought I'd make this commentary and get
your guy's opinion on it obviously it's
not really gonna change now we've been
doing this for too long and I'm just
hoping the next Call of Duty is gonna
change that book like I said knowing
that my Taj could have been finished
weeks ago if unsplit Clips weren't just
the priority and it was all about the
kills and all that like knowing that my
montage could have been finished if
people didn't leave the game at the same
time I was getting a clip or if someone
else wasn't getting a kill at the same
time I was like knowing that the Hat is
just holding me back from finished a
video is ridiculous because I've I'm
doing everything in my power I'm playing
the best I can and I just I don't know
what else to do so I'm having a bit of a
struggle recently and because it's just
getting to me really is knowing that
could finish a video with a ridiculous
standard if these clips weren't getting
split so let me know in the comments
what you think I don't really know which
way I want to go I love a non split clip
I just think it looks incredible just
your name stacking up in the kill feed
it just looks awesome but then again
is that worth weeks of weeks of splits
for one really awesome clip where no one
else gets to kill this a time is it
worth it I don't know but let me know
what you think I think it's it's kind of
cool to see your guys reaction to this
because I feel like a bit of a hypocrite
because I've been against split Clips
all this time and now it's getting to me
and I just feel like making a video on
it so let me know what you think in the
comments please leave a like if you're
enjoying the trying to 2,000 likes as
usual thank you all for watching and I
will see you guys soon
peace